---
title: "Learning Civil IoT Taiwan Open Data and Its Applications"
---

# Learning Civil IoT Taiwan Open Data and Its Applications 

The "Civil IoT Taiwan" project is developed to address the four urgent needs of the public to integrate and close to the public services related to people's livelihood, including air quality, earthquake, water resources, disaster prevention, and other issues. The CIoT project applies big data, artificial intelligence, and Internet of things technologies to build various intelligent life service systems. It helps the government and the public face the challenges brought about by environmental changes. At the same time, this project also considers the experience of different end-users, including government decision-making units, academia, industry, and the general public. The goal is to enhance intelligent governance, assist the development of industry/academia, and improve people's happiness.

The Civil IoT Taiwan project has also developed the "Civil IoT Taiwan Data Service Platform." The platform provides real-time data access and historical data query services in a unified data format to improve user browsing and search speed. It promotes applications of model-based scientific computing and artificial intelligence. The platform collects various types of data generated by the Civil IoT Taiwan project and provides reliable and high-quality sensing data for various environmental management purposes. In addition, it narrows the gap in environmental information. It gives more real-time and comprehensive environmental data so that the public can view real-time sensor information at any time and observe the temporal and spatial changes of the surrounding environment. The data service platform also serves as the basis for developing value-added applications, giving full play to people's creativity, and producing high-quality services that solve the problems of the masses.

To maintain the excellent basis for the development of the Civil IoT Taiwan project and its data platform and to continue to take root and cultivate more diverse user groups to step into the various application areas of the Civil IoT Taiwan project, there are three goals of this project: 1) Rooted downward, providing step-by-step self-study learning materials for college and high school students, and conducting cross-domain learning across the fields of information, geography, earth science, and humanities and society; 2) Demonstration application, aiming at the existing applications of Civil IoT Taiwan, in the way of stripping the cocoon, lowering the entry threshold and guiding more profound innovation of production system; 3) Horizontal expansion, providing additional data access methods, using the popular Python language, redeveloping the data access suite, drawing on more diverse technical energy, and enriching the user group of the data platform.
